Support bytes fetch type (fixes #1786) (#2550)
iodide-project/iodide: docs/api.md

- `json` (load this file as json and parse into a javascript object),
- `text` (load this file as text),
- `arrayBuffer` (load this file into an Array Buffer, especially useful when working with typed arrays)
- `blob` (load this file as a [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob)) and

> - `bytes` (load this file into an Array Buffer then convert it to [Uint8Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array) TODO:**Add more description here?**)

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
- `bytes` (load this file into an Array Buffer then convert it to [Uint8Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint8Array), especially useful when working with APIs that expect a typed array of bytes)
```
